[Music]
but surely these monkeys are just cheeky
robes what have they done to deserve
what as hell the problem is that in the
city every patch of ground and
everything belongs to someone even the
rubbish like any outcasts forced to live
on the edge of society these monkeys are
simply trying to eke out a living
snatching food where they can but every
time they drop litter curb crawl raid
rubbish bins or trespass over the garden
wall they always seem to offend somebody
people might be more tolerant if they
only stole off the streets but these
monkeys are more than just snatch
thieves they're serious professionals
expert at breaking and entering security
bars are no defense against monkeys and
because they live in troops it's rarely
a lone burglar at work instead the house
is raided by a whole gang of thieves
pity the owner who at this hot and humid
time of year only wanted a breath of
fresh air